Supremacy must refer to this.

A mysterious existence. Mysterious experiences. Mysterious memories.

To think about destroying this would be a stupid thing to do.

Trapping him in the mist barrier. While I was checking out the memories of the enemy hyuman I was shocked.

By the way, I don’t know what kind of illusion he is being shown. I just pour in the power inside this barrier and can only decide if the direction of the illusion will be pleasure or fear.

Normally after that there wouldn’t be any problems. If it goes into the fear side most of them would die and a lot of them would also struggle. If its pleasure, the struggle would be low but the time it takes for them to die would get longer.

For speed its fear, for safety I would go for pleasure. That’s how I divided the use of them.

But this time, to have chosen this method made me feel terribly ashamed.

This memories are wonderful. Just, wonderful.

This enemy, no, this man, it was hard to believe but, he was someone that had come from another world.

Memories can’t lie. There is no source more truthful than this.

An unknown existence unknown existence unknown existence.

Even with my long time here I have never seen such memories before, he was a person of great interest.

To let this living being to die. Such a thing is something that shouldn’t be done.

Especially, this.

This that seems to be one of the hobbies of this man.

It jolted my heart with a tremendous force.

I don’t want these memories that seemed like I had cut them off, I don’t want dead memories.

I want memories that are alive. I want to hear it directly from him. And I want to converse with him.

In his strength, his treasures, his existence.

I don’t remember a time where my heart has been moved so much. Is this what they call interest?

It wasn’t just a whim, from the bottom of my heart I knew that this was interest.

I don’t want to lose him.

I want to know. That’s why I won’t let this person die.

I have to release him. To enclose him in a dangerous barrier is a foolish thing to do.

The moment I release him I should talk with him.

For the sake of that, what should I do?

I have to let him know that I don’t feel hostility for him anymore.

Using a word from his world it would be, show your stomach and everything will be understood?

I don’t understand.

But, first of all I should release him and then ask for his state. If he is surprised I should be able to use that as a trigger to begin a conversation.

I have already learned human words. There should be no problem.

Though, he can speak with the orcs so he should be able to speak with me as well.

“Then” (Shen)

Thinking I should release the barrier, I look at it. Anyhow, it’s my first time that I have been this entranced in a person’s memories so.

What a sweet feeling.

But once again, I was the one who ended up being surprised.

Inside the barrier I could sense the activation of power.

It was quite the power.

I can hear something.

“Anyways… girls… after the other!” (Makoto)

What is it, the power has increased even more. The barrier is crying.

“Already… tyr…. kiiiiii!!!” (Makoto)

“Oooh?!” (Shen)

The mist that was in the surface of the barrier disappeared as if crying.

And then.

A dull and dreadful sound rose out, my barrier, for the first time, had been destroyed from the inside.

How out of the standard can you be? Just how powerful is that power that the God from the other world has given you?

Cold sweat.

Thinking about that attack hitting me send shivers down my body.

Showing my stomach, I prepare myself to round my eyes the best way possible. (TN: Yeah I imagine her going all kawaii mode) To how lovely I can look, I don’t have much confidence though.

Most likely he thinks of me more in the animal class. Not the pet type but the wild animal class. To what extend I can look as a caring animal, I am a bit insecure.

And then, he appeared.

“Hey” (Makoto)

In a really calm voice he calls me out and my body hardens.

“I am sorry, good man that has come from another world. I now know the circumstances of the destruction of the gate. I have learned that it was a misfortunate accident. I will also apologize for my quick temper. Could you please lower you weapon?” (Shen)

“Wa?” (Makoto)

“I will add this to my apology, I have read your memories. I don’t know the contents but that I have shown you an unpleasant illusion, I apologize from the bottom of my heart” (Shen)

“… That wasn’t something you had shown me?” (Makoto)

“I can choose if it will be pleasure or pain but the details and the contents are dependent on the target” (Shen)

When I answered him like this, he crouched while holding his head. ‘So it’s as I thought~’ is what he groaned.

“Other world person, I am Shen. A superior dragon and an existence that is called “invincible”. Just as you know, I am particularly good at illusions” (Shen)

I made a decision that would make the me from yesterday laugh.

“A, I see… I am Misumi Makoto. If I said Misumi Makoto would you understand? (TN: he says it twice. One in kanji and the other in hiragana. I wish he would use Hiragana for names more often) You may already know but I have come from another world” (Makoto)

I already knew but him saying it shocks me for a second. To watch memories is deep that’s for sure. For the sake of the future this is something that must be said.

“Makoto-dono, won’t you sign a pact (TN: I will use pact instead of contract) with me?” (Shen)

I have already decided to follow this man. I already know that he is close to a traveler and that he is aiming to head to human settlement. A human settlement, it was more like he was looking for people.

Then a pact is fine.

I will follow him as a partner.

I will lent him my power and I want him to talk to me about his experiences. Especially about ‘that’

“Uh? A pact? Like a summoning beast?” (Makoto)

“It’s an event that can only be done one-on-one, it vaguely differs depending on circumstances. The existences that are in my class most likely can only do this once. I can brag about me being the strongest class. I promise you that I will not bring any loses to you!” (Shen)

His way of seeing things may be a bit different but it must still be pretty similar.

“N? To have more people along is better?” (Makoto)

“Yes! Yes! I am extremely interested in your hobbies! Please do give me a favorable answer!” (Shen)

Yes, those wonderful memories. With just a glance they captured everything of me.

“Guha!! What kind of threat is that?! What did I get my hands on?!” (Makoto)

For some reason he was crouching and agonizing.

“How is it? I think it’s something that will bring benefits for both of us though” (Shen)

“Gugugugu, you schemer. Alright, I get it! I will be counting on you” (Makoto)

“Yes! I as well in the many years to come, I will be counting on you!” (Shen)

With his approval I began the process of the pact with me as the lead. He doesn’t know the process of it so it’s a matter of course.

A pact of 50-50. This is absurd, the configuration I am trying to push is not maintaining at all. How out of the standards.

A 70-30 parent and child pact. Impossible, this is also pushed away. Just how much maryoku does he have?

An 80-20 ruling pact. I was somehow able to retain the configuration. To think I would be pressured down to this point. My pride as a superior dragon is a bit hurt.

I can’t maintain my consciousness any longer. This is the first time I think that being a dragon is a good thing.

A ruling pact, in essence I would be his familiar, no, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that I am his slave.

Fufufufu. Isn’t that fine.

I am looking forward to what he, no, that great person will do in the future.

It seems that in the next hundred or less years.

It will be the most fun times I will have in my whole life.

Being liberated from my boredom, I felt my heart shaking in joy.

“Then once more, please take care of me, my master, Misumi-sama” (Shen)

****

TN: Slave get! I mean, Harem member +1!

An easy to translate chapter with not as many idioms as in the last chapter.

I really wish the other chapters are like this.
