Chapter 5

It was a completely unwelcome quest. Was it because I didn’t like the rewards? That was impossible! 

‘This reward is really good...’ 

3,000 gold was worth around 3,600,000 won when converted into real cash, which was close to 40 days of revenue for me if I worked without any rest.  But the great thing was the title of ‘Earl’s Son-in-Law’. 

All stats +20!  I currently had nine stats in total: strength, stamina, agility, intelligence, dexterity, composure, indomitable, dignity and insight. If I added the nobility stat, that would equal 10 in total. 

If all of these stats were given 20 points, it would be a total of 200 stat points. Every time I gained a level, 10 stat points were obtained, so 200 stat points were worth 20 levels. It would also be wonderful to have a beautiful aristocratic lady as my bride. 

\'The road is open. But...’ 

There was a reason why the rewards were so good. It was an S grade quest! 

‘Earl Ashur’s Fury was an S grade quest. ’

At the time of the quest, I was level 79 but couldn’t cope with the difficulty. I was killed many times during the quest and dropped down to level 73. In addition, the time spent was three months! 

I was currently level -1, so I had no means of clearly an S grade quest with a time limit. Why would I accept a quest that would obviously fail? 

‘Furthermore, my level will fall by two if I fail.’ 

My body trembled with fear and anger at the thought of my level dropping to -3. 

\'But why on earth is it an S grade quest again?’ 

S grade quests were never common quests. Even the top level rankers who were above level 200 could only count the number of times that they’ve received an S grade quest on their left hands.  However, I wasn’t high level user and was currently at level -1. 

I recalled what Doran said: 

‘As you know, the Yatan Temple is filled with evil energy. Ordinary people will become afraid if they stay here for a while. But I observed you, and you are fine despite all the time that passed. In addition, you can even manage to laugh alone. You, don’t you actually have great abilities?’

There were hints in these words.  The quest seemed to be generated by staying in the Yatan Temple for a certain period of time without falling into the ‘fear’ state. My title and composure stat lowered my chances of falling under an abnormal condition. 

Was it good? Did I like it? 

‘Won’t I be screwed if this is a forced quest? The attributes of this title are crazy, but it’s like this game is trying to make me quit.’ 

I replied unhesitatingly,

“I can’t do it. Ask someone else.” 

[The quest was refused.] 

I refused the quest, but Doran didn’t quit. 

"You are the only unusual person, so please help me. A precious person’s life is involved!” 

[Doran is desperate. Do you understand his sad circumstances and accept the quest?] 

The concept of the notification window was lost. Did it think I was in a position to take care of others right now?  I immediately swiped the window away and said, “You are mistaken. I am weak and incompetent, so I won’t be able to help you. It would be better for you to take care of it alone.” 

[The quest was refused.] 

“As you know, the believers of Yatan use powerful black magic! I can’t rescue the young lady from them alone! Please don’t turn away, lend me your strength!” 

[Doran hasn’t given up. Would you like to accept the quest?) 

"No, first of all, I don’t have the ability to do it...” 

[The quest was refused.] 

“You are too modest! Don’t you know that the power to ignore their fear isn’t common?” 

[Doran can only depend on you. Would you like to accept the quest?] 

Sometimes, there were quest NPCs who would persist like this. They had their own desperate situations. Yes, I could understand Doran’s feelings. If Doran returned without rescuing his master’s daughter, his head would go flying off. 

But what about me? What if I failed and my level dropped again? 

Why should I go through such terrible things because of him? I was more important than a complete stranger! The biggest problem was that I didn’t have the ability to help him in the first place. 

"Please help! I am begging you!” 

Doran fell to his knees. 

I looked at him.  This man, all the words I spoke to him were entering one ear and leaving the other. Or maybe he thought I was lying. 

\'It’s probably the latter. Is it so great that I don’t feel fear while staying in the Yatan Temple? I haven’t been here before so I don’t even know what I’m supposed to feel.’ 

I faced Doran head on and explained with a more serious attitude,

"I\'m really sorry, but I truly don’t have the strength to help you. Don’t waste your time on me; call the earl and ask for his help.” 

[The quest was refused.] 

"Every hour is urgent! The young lady’s life might be in danger while I go to ask the earl for help! You are the only person I can rely on! This is a request!” 

[Doran is hoping for a helping hand. Would you like to accept the quest?] 

The limits of patience. 

“Ah, this is frustrating! Do you really need my help? I don’t want to look at you anymore, so go away!” 

"Please give mercy for the sake of her life!” 

"What? No! Damn. Yes, I should leave. I am going now!” 

I once again refused the quest and turned away from Doran. This was a terrible quest that would cause my level to drop by two upon failure, so I wanted to avoid it. But unlike my thoughts, my feet didn’t move quickly. I was 200% over the weight limit, so my movement speed was reduced by 100%. 

Doran saw that I was moving as slow as a turtle and misunderstood my actions as he teared up. 

"You act so intimidatingly, but you are actually conflicted... You really do want to help me...” 

“......” 

"Stop feeling conflicted and help me!” 

[Doran feels hope again. Would you like to accept the quest?] 

"Bullshit! I won’t help!” 

[The quest was refused.] 

I ignored him and hastened my steps. But once again, my speed was slow. This only deepened Doran’s misunderstanding. 

“Maybe you’re conflicted because your life is busy, but the life of a person is more important! This is a request!!” 

"I can’t! It isn\'t possible!” 

"Don’t deceive yourself! In fact, you are suffering as well! You can’t leave this place immediately, which is why there is such hesitation in your step!” 

“There is no hesitation! I’m not walking slowly! My baggage is heavy, that’s all!” 

Doran continued chasing after me, and my slow pace couldn’t get rid of him. 

[Would you like to accept the quest?] 

[Would you like to accept the quest?] 

[Would you like...] 

‘What a stupid jerk!’ 

The notification windows kept popping up no matter how much I refused. I had to make a drastic decision. 

\'I can’t carry on like this. Yes, I have to refuse, even if I develop a hostile relationship with him. He isn’t a NPC I need to build up a relationship with, so it won’t hurt if he is my enemy.’ 

I pulled out Mamon’s greatsword and glared at Doran. 

“I definitely can’t help you. If you don’t get away right now, I am prepared to hurt you.” 

Doran grasped the atmosphere and took one step back. Then he slowly opened his mouth. 

“I really wish you would help me...” 

[Doran is asking for the last time. Would you like to accept the quest?] 

Swipe!

How many times do I have to see this damn notification window? 

“I won’t help! Even if I can help, I don’t want to! I won’t help!” 

My stress went over the threshold and I could no longer suppress my anger. In the end, I yelled and swung Mamon’s greatsword, expressing my intent not to talk to Doran anymore. 

Then... 

Kwajak!

"Kaaack!” 

The sensation of hitting something was transmitted through my fingertips as a scream was heard at the same time. I turned my gaze to the side of the greatsword and saw what just occurred: a believer wearing the robe of Yatan had collapsed with Mamon’s greatsword in his neck. An ominous chill went down my spine. 

“I was aiming at the crazy guy, so why did the person next to him...” 

As I stared at the dying believer, a new notification window popped up. 

[Your relationship with the Yatan Church has become hostile.] 

[You won’t be able to receive Yatan’s blessings.] 

[The followers of Yatan will try to kill you when they find you.] 

The atmosphere of the temple changed. While I was surrounded by dozens of Yatan believers, Doran got up and placed a hand on my shoulder and cried out, “Thank you!!” 

“Eh?” 

[Rescue the Earl’s Esteemed Daughter] 

Difficulty: S 

Irene, the only daughter of Earl Steim, is a beautiful and innocent virgin. The elders of Yatan had kidnapped Irene in order to sacrifice her for her virgin blood. 

You can’t tolerate the evil deeds of Yatan’s followers. You must surely rescue Irene.

Quest Clear Conditions: Rescue Irene within one hour after accepting the quest. 

Clear Reward: 3,000 gold, a low probability of becoming the earl’s son-in-law. 

* Earl’s son-in-law: Nobility stat will open, all stats +20. 

You will be treated as a viscount after marrying the earl’s esteemed daughter. Power and honor will rise. You can advance into the social circle of the nobles. You will receive a monthly salary. This can be a shortcut to becoming a high-ranking official or lord. 

Quest Failure: Level -2. 

[The quest has been accepted.] 

“Wow.” 

Due to my hostile relationship with the Yatan Church, the ‘Rescue the Earl’s Esteemed Daughter’ quest was forced upon me. 

“Huhuhu...” 

Some might say this was unlucky. No, it was more accurate to say that I had no luck. 

‘Failure once again... it will be level -3!’ 

At any rate, I had no luck. Perhaps I sold a country in my previous life.

"Who dares hurt Yatan’s believers! Aren’t you afraid of the curse of God Yatan?”

“God Yatan is almighty! God Yatan has already noticed your sin! You won’t be safe for the rest of your life!”

"You will pay a heavy price for your blasphemy!”

The angry voices of the Yatan followers clamored around me. Their crazy eyes were filled with absolute hostility.

‘Will I die now?’

The followers of Yatan were black magicians. Black magicians had strong curse abilities, so they were difficult to deal with.
