After supper everyone chatted over tea.

“Ryouma-kun, what are you planning to do from here on?” [Madam]
“…To be honest, I’m not really sure, but I’m, thinking of moving…” [Ryouma]

My research has already reached a point where I could take a break and the slimes are starting to get too many for the house to handle. Moreover, I’ve also started to yearn for people’s company and I also need more seasonings and foodstuff.

Because of that I started considering going around the world, but I wasn’t sure what to say. After all, a kid who’s been isolated his whole life couldn’t possibly just go and say ‘I want to see the world!’ all of the sudden, right? That would be just too unnatural.

In the end, I decided to make use of my all-powerful grandparents.

“…My grandparents… told me to live happily… in town. My current… lifestyle is no good… I think. I don’t think… my grandparents would be happy to know… I live here.” [Ryouma]
“Ryouma-kun…” [Madam]

As the atmosphere in the room went solemn, Reinbach-sama closed his eyes and pondered for a moment, then he spoke.

“How about leaving with us then?” [Reinbach]
“Huh?” [Ryouma]

Huh? What is he saying? Isn’t this our first meeting?

“We are a ducal family, you know? We can at least take care of one person’s necessities without problem. And besides, I think it’s a waste for a skilled monster tamer like yourself to be secluding himself deep in the forest. I know you don’t like towns, but… How about it? Won’t you try going out for a bit?” [Reinbach]

…I never thought he would propose something like that. The other people seemed to be in agreement too what with those eyes that seemed to say ‘it’s alright’… Everyone here is so nice… It’s enough to make my heart ache.

“We’ll be going to Gimuru starting tomorrow. Once we’re done with our errands, we will be going home. We’ll pass by here again, so… How about it? Do you want to travel with us?” [Reinbach]
“Travel…” [Ryouma]

I don’t know anything about this world… The gods taught me some basic knowledge, but I’ve never seen anything in person. In fact, I didn’t even know how big of a deal my slime research was until they told me. I’m sure there must be a lot more things I don’t know.

“R-Right… I think I might just get… in your way… But if it’s not too much trouble, will you let… me travel with you?” [Ryouma]
“Oh! So you’re coming!” [Reinhart]
“Well… I’ve also started thinking… of leaving the forest, so…” [Ryouma]
“I see, I see… You’ll have to prepare your belongings then. We can extend our departure time to tomorrow afternoon. Will that be enough time for you to get ready?” [Reinbach[
“I’ll be ready by morning. I can bring everything with me with my Item Box, after all.” [Ryouma]
“Oh my, you can use Item Box at your age? That’s amazing!” [Madam]

Really? I thought a lot of people could use Item Box?

“Grandma said it was, convenient, so I learned, it. I heard… a lot of people could, use it, though?” [Ryouma]
“Well, it’s certainly an elementary level magic and a lot of people could use it, but the fact that you could use it while still being so young is a feat indeed.” [Madam]
“I think it’ll be a pleasure studying with Ryouma-san.” [Elia]
“Thank you.” [Ryouma]

After thanking the Jamil family, the young lady, the maids, and the guards offered to help me pack, so I decided to start with the most troublesome room.

“Whoa, what’s with this room?” [Hyuzu]
“It’s filled to the brim with weapons and armor.” [Elia]
“Picking out what to bring from all these won’t be easy.” [Arone]
“Is that a pelt at the end of the room I see?” [Lilian]
“What’s with those pile of bags at the corner that looks like trash?” [Hyuzu]

The place I brought them to was none other than the storage room. All my loots from the bandits I’ve subjugated in the past three years are gathered here. I would sometimes come here to do maintenance on the weapons, but other than that, almost everything else has been stored away.

“I will be, putting everything into my, Item Box. That bag there, contains the bandits’ belongings.” [Ryouma]
“Specifically?” [Hyuzu]
“Don’t know…” [Ryouma]
“Don’t know? You didn’t bother to check? If you don’t check your spoils properly after a battle, isn’t that the same as risking your life for nothing?” [Hyuzu]
“It wasn’t interested, so…” [Ryouma]

I answered Hyuzu-san’s question curtly, but there were actually several reasons. One, most of the bandits’ belongings stank to high heavens, and two, there were rarely anything noteworthy. In one particularly bad case, I even ended up pulling out rotten meat; literally trash loot.

The money was irrelevant to me too. After all, I never went to town. What would I need them for?

In the end, searching through the bags was just a hassle, so I stopped bothering and just threw them to the corner after having the slimes clean them up.

“Then should we check the contents first?” [Arone]
“Good, let’s go with that. If the contents turn out to be junk, we’ll throw it away. Let’s split the work of putting away and identifying the contents, so we can get things done faster. What do you think?” [Jill]

I nodded.

At that, we left identifying the contents to the young lady and the two maids, while we took on the role of putting the things away.

For a while, we continued with my group just throwing things into that black hole, but along the way, they noticed that some of the equipment and the pelt could be sold for a good price.

But what most unexpected was that among the bandits’ belongings I’ve ignored until now was a bag of coins with a large sum of money. 40 medium gold coins, to be exact.

Even I know the value of 40 medium gold coins, so it was truly a fortuitous find for someone like me who’s at long last decided to go to town.

But… After that matter with the slimes, I’m concerned about the accuracy of my knowledge regarding this world. To be safe I should inquire the price of commodities.

I thought that to myself as we cleaned out the storage room as well as the other rooms. When we’d cleared out everything, I called the cleaner slimes and scavenger slimes and had them add the finishing touches. When everything was sparkling clean, I suggested for the ducal family and the guards to use the newly cleaned rooms.

“You sure? If there’s work to be done, we don’t mind helping.”
“It’s alright. I can do the rest by myself… Only food, and medicinal, ingredients are left, after all.” [Ryouma]
“Medicine, huh… That’s certainly not something amateurs should be handling. Alright then, but if there’s anything else we can do, be sure to call us.” [Camil]
“Thank You, Camil-san.” [Ryouma]
“It’s fine, it’s fine. Thanks for the room too. Honestly, any room with four walls would suit me just fine, so this is really a big help.” [Camil]

After chatting a little and giving my thanks I left

Now then… All that’s left are the starter items I got from the gods… Oh, right… I wonder if I can take the slimes with me? I can’t just leave them here. I should ask. They should still be awake.

“Reinhart-san, Reinbach-sama.” [Ryouma]
“Something the matter, Ryouma-kun?” [Reinbach]
“Can I… bring my slimes… with me? There’ll be 17, slimes all in all…” [Ryouma]
“Sure, go ahead. It’s only natural for a monster tamer to take his monsters with him.” [Reinbach]
“The carriage has plenty of space, so it’s no problem at all.” [Reinhart]

I see, that’s good to hear.

“Thank you very much.” [Ryouma]

As I said that, they replied with a smile, saying, ‘it’s fine.’ They’re really good-hearted people. If this were in Japan, the equivalent situation would be me hitchhiking and asking, “By the way, I have 17 pets with me. Can I take them too?”

I don’t know about others, but I definitely wouldn’t agree to it. One or two maybe, but 17? In the first place, I don’t even have a license, so…

I really can’t overstate how grateful I am to the Jamil household. Oh, come to think of it, since I’ll be going out, I might as well say a word or two to them.

As I thought that, I went to the deepest room in the house. It was really nothing more than a wide-open space, but inside, at the front wall, was a hollowed out area wherein the statues of the gods were enshrined.

The religions of this world don’t prohibit idol worship, so sculpting a statue of a deity isn’t a problem. In fact, there are adherents who buy small idols as models, so they could sculpt their own. They usually do it while praying in an area recommended by their church.

Personally, I did just that and created the idols, allowing me to both thank the gods and practice my earth magic. After making the idols, I enshrined them at my training grounds and reported to them daily.

But first, to keep others from seeing me, I’m going to block the entrance with earth magic…

…

There. Done.

I sat in the lotus position before the idols. After a few minutes of meditation, I opened my eyes and spoke.

“Today ended safely too. You’re gods, so I’m sure you know, but some guests came today. I’ll be traveling with them for some time, so I won’t be able to visit for a while.

I’m finally leaving the forest. I think I’ll be able to keep that promise about visiting the church now.

It’s just… I don’t know when I’ll be able to come back, so I’ve decided to take all my belongings with me.

If I decide not to come back here again, then I’ll make new statues in my new home.

Anyway… Until next time.”

After that I stood up, opened the entrance, and left.

Speaking of which, it seems I only have a hard time when I’m talking with humans. Huh… Well, I’ve never talked to the idols before, so I never noticed, but… I guess the stammering is because of nerves, after all.

Well, whatever… With this I’ve settled everything that needed to be done. All that’s left is for me to leave with the slimes.

Let’s sleep.

Like that I went to bed, but—

I wonder what the town is like.

—I couldn’t stop thinking of the town.

Sleeping was harder than usual.
