
―――― Continental Calendar Year 1547, Early Thirdmonth

On that day, a single man was being interrogated at the center of the Orthodoxy faith, 『Orthodoxy Central Church』, which was located in the Holy City 『Yumuen』 in the Lunaria Orthodoxy State. The man was standing while being surrounded by an Investigative Committee in a dark room. For the people related with the Lunaria Orthodoxy, to stand in front of the Investigative Committee was the same as being judged whether or not one is a sinner. If they sentenced an excommunication, that person will lose all protection and rights in this country. They will be driven off to a position where even if they were killed by someone, no complaint would be taken.

However, not a hint of nervousness could be seen in the man’s face. Instead, he sported a fearless smile, as if he found this situation enjoyable. The man\'s name is Sougé Lester. His occupation is a bishop. Seeing Sougé like this, one of the Investigative Committee made a complaint.

「Do you know the seriousness of being called to this place?」(Investigator)

However, Sougé didn’t break his fearless smile.

「I’m aware. This place is a judgment room of the Orthodoxy Church, whether or not someone needs to be excommunicated. Anyone, no matter who they are, who have committed sinful acts should be trembling in this place. However, since there I have nothing to be ashamed of, my mind is calm.」(Sougé)

Sorge was polite with his wording, but his attitude was as if he was scoffing at the committee.

「I see that you are really brazen……」(Investigator)

With a sour face as if he just gulped down a bitter bug, the committee members looked over the documents on their hand.

「Your sinful behavior is intolerable. Lunaria-sama had taught 『If thou are a clergyman, then thou shall assume honorable poverty, lest not the believers turneth away their ears.』However, haven’t you done the opposite of this teaching?」(Investigator)
「Oh my, don’t I look like someone who is in an honorable poverty?」(Sougé)

That being said, Sougé stretched out the Makaizou-modified priest’s vestment, which he wore on his body.

「I am wearing these “shabby clothes” and living in a dilapidated house in the city’s outskirt. However, you gentlemen in this place, wear a very high-grade clothing, and live in a lovely house, am I right?」(Sougé)
「…… However, don’t you receive a large amount of donation from the believers?」(Investigator)

Again the Investigative Committee argued and Sougé shrugged his shoulders.

「There is no reason to refuse their gifts.」(Sougé)
「What an excuse! What do you take the believers gratuity for!」(Investigator)
「If the donations that they gave are only for fattening “my belly”, then it will be a sin. But just look at my “belly”, isn’t it is ripped into a beautiful six-pack like this?」(Sougé)

While saying this, Sougé lifted up his coat to show off his well-defined abdominal muscles. For a moment, the members of the Investigative Committee were dumbfounded at Sougé as he made a pose while showing off his muscular body, which didn’t suit a priest at all, but immediately their face reddened from anger.

「That is irrelevant to this discussion!」(Investigator)

However, the Investigative Committee anger had no effect on Sougé at all.

「Perhaps. “If it is a fat gentleman you seek, you can find him amongst the Cardinals.”」(Sougé)
「………」(Investigator)

Sougé gave a light scowl and the committee members were at loss of words for a moment. Speaking of a fat person amongst the Cardinals, then it would be Cardinal Gordo. He has a bulging obese figure unbecoming of a clergyman. In fact, the Investigative Committee members had already knew that most of the huge sum of donations received by Sougé are flowing to Cardinal Gordo. In other words, Sougé was implicitly saying, the one you should accuse is not me, but that man.

However, that man is a Cardinal. In the hierarchy of Lunaria Orthodoxy, it is the rank next after the Pope. It was beyond the authority of the Investigative Committee. In order to accuse him, an approval from the Pope or a unanimous vote from other Cardinals is necessary. However, since the Pope could be forced to abdicate by a unanimous vote by the other Cardinals, neither the Pope nor the Cardinals would make the first move for censuring a Cardinal to avoid becoming the next victim. This was the reason why Cardinal Gordo, who has a poor reputation, still remained in his position.

The Investigative Committee had the intention to accuse Sougé and also to press a censure request for Cardinal Gordo, who have a connection with him, to the Pope, However, that Sougé fellow was under the protection of Cardinal Gordo. If the Investigative Committee tried to force their way in judging Sougé, then Cardinal Gordo might denunciate them for abusing their authority. Therefore, the likelihood for them to excommunicate Sougé for the donation problem was zero from the start. That was Sougé didn’t lose his carefree attitude.

The Investigative Committee decided to change their brunt of arguments.

「Besides that, there is a report that you are wandering from one tavern to another every night.」(Investigator)
「Is it a sin to drink wine? I believe wine is a sacred drink, isn’t it?」(Sougé)
「Even so, there should be a limit for it.」(Investigator)
「I am so sorry. But the flock who come to hear my sermon are mostly drunkards, and they come to a tavern, not the church.」(Sougé)

By the way, the sermon Sougé gave on the tavern was a brief citation from the scripture, 「Lunaria-sama once said,『Give your thanks that you are living today』. So, a toast people!」. This alone had the same virtuous merit as listening to the long boring sermon of the Priest in the Church on Restday (or so was what he decided by himself) and this was really popular with the lazy believers. While the interrogators got their nerves bulging from irritation, they once again changed their point of attack.

「Not only that! It seems that a prostitute oftentimes goes in and out of your house! Isn’t this a disgraceful act for a clergyman!」(Investigator)
「Oh dear, do you want to say that a woman is unclean? If so, then how were you gentlemen born into this world?」(Sougé)
「That is not the problem here! We ought to love and respect Lunaria-sama. Even in a wedding that follows legitimate procedure, a devout faithful will still feel guilty to Lunaria-sama, but to mingle with prostitutes, isn’t this preposterous?」(Investigator)

Although the Investigative Committee was completely angry, Sougé laughed loudly.

「What’s wrong about that? Lunaria-sama had said, 『A believer should be honest with others.』 It is normal as a living thing to want to hold a woman. Because Lunaria-sama had created this matters too. Between a married man who went to the flower town while hiding his position as a clergyman and me who openly beckons the prostitute, which of us is more honest?」(Sougé)

The Investigative Committee members were speechless. If one thinks calmly about it, both are bad, but since Sougé declared it so openly and brazenly, they couldn’t refute him. Afterward, Sougé continuously emphasized the beauty of the female curves to shut the Investigative Committee members’ mouth. Since the content of his speech didn’t have any relation at all to the censure, the situation inside the room didn’t resemble an investigation anymore.

Eventually unable to do anything about Sougé, the Investigative Committee ended the interrogation. Sougé left the room and walked in the corridor of the Central Church and encountered a young nun. It was a dazzling beautiful girl with silver hair tied into twin tails

Sougé was thinking about such thing while closely eyeing the girl. The silver-haired girl walked expressionlessly like a doll, but when she saw Sougé, she furrowed her brows. And when they passed by each other, she turned her face away with a scornful ‘humph’ and walked away in a brisk pace.

Looking at the girl’s reaction, Sougé scratched his head with a bitter smile.

「…… Yareyare, it seems I am being hated.」(Sougé)

Sougé is this kind of man. Though he had a slovenly lifestyle, he was unexpectedly popular with odd fellows and the elderly. On the other hand, young girls hated him and treated him like a pest.

(Well, a young girl like her wouldn’t understand the adult charm that this ojii-san exudes.)

While stroking the beard on his chin, Sougé made such poor loser kind of excuse in his mind.

◇ ◇ ◇

―――― Continental Calendar Year 1547, Late Thirdmonth

Tonight, Sougé was in a certain pleasure district in the Holy City Yumuen. Though this city could be said as the Mecca for Lunaria Orthodoxy, there are people who call the city their home, so a pleasure district like this also exists. As expected, it would be impossible to see the sight of clergymen in a pleasure district, but perhaps they slip into this place while in commoner’s attire. In this district, perhaps it was only Sougé who loitered and played around with a (completely remodeled) priest’s vestment.

The reason why most of the donations received by Sougé was flowing into Cardinal Gordos’ coffer was, honestly, to maintain this free way of living. It wasn’t like Sougé himself desires that large amount of money. However, in order to be "free" in this ceremoniously stiff city, he needed a powerful backer.

「Yo, Sinful Bishop-sama. What’s up?」(Old Man)

As he walked down the street, an old drunkard who was drinking at the shopfront called up to him. Sougé raised his hand towards the old man.

「Hey gramps. Thanks for always donating」(Sougé)
「Wh~at? I got no relatives, so if my money will be taken by the country after my death, then I better use it for my drinking friend.」(Old Man)
「Kakakka[1]. Well said. Let\'s have a drink next time.」(Sougé)

Just less than ten paces away from the old man, Sougé was greeted by a well dressed old lady.

「What we have here? So you haven’t been sacked yet? Perhaps Lunaria-sama is also wondering why a man like you became a Bishop……」(Old Lady)
「So what? If we are talking about someone with a nasty tongue, then it will be you, granny. So you are still alive? Won’t Lunaria-sama be wondering why you haven’t gone to her yet?.」(Sougé)
「Humph! If I died before you, then you will be praying for me, right? If you prayed for me, then I will get lost in the Afterlife. I won’t let that happen!」(Old Lady)
「Kakakka. Then I guess you have to do your best in staying alive for a long time!」(Sougé)

It was an amazing relay of abusing words, but the two people who exchanged those words were still lively. Perhaps because this was a conversation between those who are well acquainted with each other. Then, this time a sexy and beautiful lady wearing clothes with a high degree of exposure addressed Sougé.

「Wait Sou-chan. Lately, you haven’t come to play at all. The girls in the shop are lonely, you know?」(Prostitute)
「Oh, I’ll visit next time.」(Sougé)
「You are always saying that. Isn’t it because of the rumored “lover”?」(Prostitute)
「Hah, as if. Do you think this head will attract a woman?」(Sougé)

While giving his reply, Sougé tapped his shiny sunburned smooth head which caused laughter from the people on the spot. In the Central Church, Sougé was a nuisance, but in the pleasure district, he is a popular person.

When Sougé was walking in the pleasure district like this for some moment, he suddenly stopped. Then he turned around and looked towards the dark back alleys.

「How about you stop this and show yourself. I have no interest in being followed by a man.」(Sougé)

A man clothed as a pilgrim with a dirt-stained hooded mantle that covered his body appeared from the shadows. His face was hidden behind the hood, but he was probably a male Beastkin since a tapered nose was visible. The man made a polite bow to Sougé without taking off his hood.

「…… When did you notice it?」(Hood)
「You have been wearing it since entering the pleasure district. I am a former adventurer; in my party I was entrusted with looking for enemies. I am sensitive to the others’ presence.」(Sougé)
「Why did someone like you become a Bishop?」(Hood)
「I was injured seriously when I made a blunder in a dungeon. That happened in this country, so since I was helping the old Bishop who had been taking care of me, it naturally happened. The fate that happened that day continued even after that gramps passed away.」(Sougé)
「I see……」(Hood)

Then, the hooded man walked towards Sougé. He was putting his hand in his pocket, trying to take something out. Sougé put himself on guard, but when he looked at the object presented to him, he released his caution. What the man held in his hand was a bottle of expensive liquor.

「I want you to join me in having a cup. Do you know a good place?」(Hood)
「…… Kakka. If that is the case, then why don’t we go to my house?」(Sougé)

And then, the two began to walk side by side.
