 Sougé’s house was a dilapidated building located on the outskirts of Holy City Yumuen. When they entered the deserted dark room, the hooded man’s nose was twitching.

「This smell……」(Hooded Man)
「Is it that smelly?」(Sougé)

Sougé laughed 「Kakkakka」, while lighting the candlestick.

「It’s because this is a home of a single man. Well, I hope you don’t mind it……」(Sougé)
「No, I think that for a single man home, it is rather well ordered.」(Hooded Man)

Actually, for a single man\'s house with a dilapidated exterior and considering Sougé’s easygoing personality, the room was really tidy. There were neither trash scattered around, nor dust piling up at the corner of the floor. More importantly, what made the hooded man more interested was…….

「Is this smell…… medicine?」(Hooded Man)

When the hooded man pointed this out, Sougé’s laughter ceased. For a moment, he stared fixedly at the man before finally, he shrugged his shoulders as if he had resigned.

「…… It looks like you have a good nose.」(Sougé)
「The Beastkins have a particularly keen sense of smell compared to the Humans, after all.」(Hooded Man)

As he said that, the man removed his hood, and showed his wolf-like appearance.

「My name is Inugami. Pleased to make your acquaintance.[1]」(Inugami)
「Well, you can become my acquaintance or what not…… but, is that your real name?」(Sougé)
「As you have guessed, it is in an alias.」(Inugami)
「Well, I guess it will be impossible for a guy who hid his identity and infiltrated this country to honestly give his real name.」(Sougé)

Despite saying these words, Sougé had finished the preparations for drinking. He placed two glasses, bread, and cheese on the narrow table. With the desk interposing between them, they sat face-to-face. After pouring the alcoholic drink he received from Inugami into the two glasses, Sougé took a sip of it bit by bit and then asked.

「So, which country do you come from?[2]」(Sougé)
「Elfrieden…… Or, perhaps it’s better to call it the Kingdom of Friedonia now?」(Inugami)
「Oh, the country where the king is a hero from another world?」(Sougé)

Even though he was a bishop in an insular church and poorly uninformed of the worldly affairs, the rumors of the 『Hero King of the Elfrieden』 also reached Sougé’s ears. It was said that the throne was quickly transferred to him right after the summoning, rebuilding the slowly declining Elfrieden Kingdom, resolving the troubles both domestic and foreign, even annexing Amidonia Dukedom, the Kingdom became a force that even could compete with the Empire.

Just by listening to this, these acts could be said as great achievements in every field, but Sougé didn’t hear that this was the personal accomplishment of King Souma himself.  The rumor circulated in the foreign lands was about the activity of the people around him, like the 『Silver-Haired Guards Commander』 and the 『Red-Haired Assault Commander』 in the military, or the civil officials like the 『Black-Robed Prime Minister』 and the 『Food God Ishidzuka-sama』. It would be different conclusion if the people of other lands could watch the Royal Voice Broadcast, but what the other country received about King Souma’s achievement was just about his wisdom in appointing such talented retainers.

That’s why Sougé wanted to discuss about this King.

「It seems that the country itself is greatly prosperous, but what kind of person is the King?」(Sougé)
「Let’s see…… Even I don’t know it well.」(Inugami)
「Wait, wait, …… what do you mean you don’t know?」(Sougé)
「His combat skill is not different from a city dweller. Even if he trained, at best he will be at the level of a soldier. I also don’t know about his generalship since he leaves it to his retainers. Nevertheless, he has quite the ingenuity which he showed in a field that is hard to be seen by the public, such as creating national institutions.」(Inugami)
「…… Even so, it’s not different from what I heard before.」(Sougé)

When Sougé made this remark, Inugami laughed.

「However, the only thing I can say is that anyone who saw His Majesty Souma too lightly will be surely outmaneuvered by him. This is what I painfully experienced. Even if that person is the Lunaria Orthodoxy’s Holy Maiden.」(Inugami)
「The Holy Maiden? Have the top guys done something?」(Sougé)

Inugami then informed Sougé about the events a few days ago. The Orthodoxy State had requested the Friedonia Kingdom to recognize Lunaria Orthodoxy as the 『State Religion』. In exchange, King Souma will be ordained as the 『Holy King』. Because there is a risk that they could incite the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers inside the Kingdom to rebel, it was difficult, even for the Kingdom, to refuse this request. In response to this situation, King Souma declined to assume the 『Holy King』 title and recognized Lunaria Orthodoxy as the 『State Religion』.

And then, he made a notification towards every religion inside the Kingdom, 「Every religion that registered and passed the nation’s examination will be recognized as the 『State Religion』」, and placed every religious activity inside the Kingdom under his management. Sougé was taken aback from the beginning to the end, but he finally laughed cheerfully.

「Kakkakka, well done, well done! It’s a splendid way to slip away from the top guys’ intention.」(Sougé)

Even though in a sense, his peers had been outwitted, Sougé laughed with delight. And then, he gulped the entire glass of liquor at once, before putting the glass back and frowned.

「Fumu…… However, I guess the top guys won’t stay quiet. They are persistent bunches. Even if you stall them for now, after a while, won’t they just come back with new tricks at hand?」(Sougé)
「Yeah, His Majesty Souma was concerned about this. Therefore,」(Inugami)

Then Inugami took out a letter from his pocket and presented it to Sougé.

「This is a letter addressed to you from Prime Minister Hakuya.」(Inugami)
「To me?」(Sougé)
「I believe that you will understand once you read the letter. Prime Minister-dono hopes that you will consider to come to the Kingdom and become the Bishop who will manage the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers inside the Kingdom.」(Inugami)
「Me? Become the Bishop of the Kingdom…… Really?」(Sougé)

When Sougé skimmed the contents of the letter, it was almost identical to Inugami’s words, but written with more polite phrases. Sougé placed the letter and then slammed at the table before he stood up.

「I see. So you are intending to separate the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers from the Orthodoxy State by appointing the worldly me as the Bishop.」(Sougé)

If the Orthodoxy State decreed something to the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers in another country, that decree would reach the Bishop who was the representative of Lunaria Orthodoxy in that country first. Then the Bishop will convey that decree to each local church in his country. That’s why, if by some chance they could make this Bishop seat fall to someone with a low attachment to the State and the Church, then it will be possible to shut out any decree from the State.

 (I see…… What a well-planned scheme)

「Is this a plan from the King? Or perhaps, it’s the Prime Minister’s plan?」(Sougé)
「The one who planned to invite Sougé-dono is the Prime Minister.」(Inugami)
「I see. Both the master and the servant are shrewd…… No, the word should be “unthinkably sly”.」(Sougé)

Sougé thought carefully with his arms folded.

(Certainly, for that condition, there is no one more suitable other than me. Furthermore, there is a rumor that Cardinal Gordo will be expulsed soon. If that greedy cardinal loses his position, then the fellows of the Investigative Committee would surely censure me at that time. In that case, I will have to pay the piper. That’s why the opportunity right now to brazenly go abroad wouldn’t be a bad choice…… But ……)

However, there was one point that Sougé’s concerned about.

「What would happen if I refuse that offer?」(Sougé)
「I don’t know if it will be a wise choice. We already conveyed to the leaders of the Orthodoxy State through the Holy Maiden, that we want Sougé-dono to receive the position. Surely the Orthodoxy leaders don’t see Sougé-dono to become the representative of the Kingdom’s Lunaria Orthodoxy believers as a desirable result……」(Inugami)
「…… You mean I am in danger, huh?」(Sougé)

Sougé sighed at Inugami’s opinion.

「So, from the beginning, my choice doesn’t matter, huh?」(Sougé)
「I am sorry. But if you accept our offer, with our power we will safely escort you to the Kingdom without letting any harm befall you.」(Inugami)
「That’s not the problem here……」(Sougé)

Sougé briskly scratched his hairless head. And then he pondered about something before with a decided face, he looked straight at Inugami’s eyes and spoke up to confirm something.

「……You said that King Souma is crazy about talented people, right?」(Sougé)
「Crazy? That word is misleading. Isn’t it normal for a ruler to desire excellently talented people?」(Inugami)
「Ah, sorry if that rubs you the wrong way. I am not doing that on purpose. I just…… want to confirm if King Souma will employ an excellent talented person for real. Even if for example, they are not from the Human Race?」(Sougé)

Being asked with a serious expression, Inugami thought for a moment.

「Let’s see. This is just my personal opinion, but I think the basis of His Majesty’s judgment is the presence of talent. He gathered various talented people, regardless of their race, age, gender, history, or even outward appearance.」(Inugami)
「Is that true? For example, even someone who is loathed by the Lunaria Orthodoxy Church, as a “witch”?」(Sougé)
「Witch?」(Inugami)

When Inugami heard that unsettling word from Sougé’s mouth, suddenly the entrance door was opened. When they turned their backs to look at it, there was a woman covered with brightly colored fabric on her head. In this country, to wear a simple colored clothing while covering the head with colorful fabric is the sign of a prostitute. Originally, prostitutes covered their head with a cloth when they entered a man’s house so their face wouldn’t be seen, but when this became their “dress code”, they covered themselves with brightly colored fabric.

The prostitute tried to enter the house, but the moment she noticed Inugami’s presence,

「…… Ah, so you are in the middle of a conversation. Please excuse my rudeness.」(Prostitute)

She spoke while making a bow, before trying to leave the room in a hurry.

「Wait, Merula. You can trust this guy here.」(Sougé)

Sougé called the prostitute to stop, who then ceased her steps and slowly turned back.

「……Is that true?」(Merula)
「Yeah. Either way, he is on the side that opposes this country.」(Sougé)
「But aren’t you a person from this country......」(Merula)

‘Why are you drinking with the enemy?’, was what the prostitute wanted to say while dropping her shoulders. Then, she moved towards the table and then sat down in a vacant seat. While Inugami was confused about the situation, the prostitute took off the cloth covering her head.

「!?」

What appeared before him was a beautiful woman in her twenties with transparent-like fair skin, golden hair, and then "pointed ears". Pointed ears are a characteristic of the Elves. However, in addition to that, she had another characteristic. Her eyes are crimson like rubies.

「High Elf......」(Inugami)

Crimson eyes, the unique characteristic of High Elves. Elves and Dark Elves dislike interacting with other races, but there are also some who lives among other races in multiracial countries like Elfrieden. Some marry with other races and have children with them. However, High Elves extremely dislike interacting with other races more so than the other Elves. As a result, High Elves only exist on the island northwest of the continent, the High Elf country that didn’t permit any entry of other races than Elves, 『Gahran Spirit Kingdom』. Additionally, 『Gahran Spirit Kingdom』 has its own Spirit Religion.

That’s why Inugami was surprised. It was unbelievable that in a country that was a headquarters of a different religion than the High Elves, there was a High Elf who dressed in a prostitute attire. Seeing how Inugami was at loss for words, Sougé smiled wryly and placed his hands on top of the High Elf’s head.

「Let me introduce her. She is Merula Merlan…… As you might have guessed, she is a High Elf. Even if she looks like this, she is a granny who has lived twice as long as me. So be careful.」(Sougé)
「How rude. A century-years-old High Elf is equivalent to a twenty-years-old in Human, you know? Even in the Spirit Kingdom, one hundred years old will only be treated like a youngster.」(Merula)
「Umm…… So what kind of relationship do you two have?」(Inugami)

While both of them started to converse with each other in a familiar manner, the still dumfounded Inugami, regained his sense to ask that question. Merula and Sougé looked at each other.

「What kind…… housemate?」(Merula)
「No, no, since the house owner is me, shouldn’t it be I took you in my care?」(Sougé)
「Wait a moment, the one who is being looked after is you! If I don’t clean this house, you will soon leave things around untidily!
「You are worrying too much about petty things!」(Merula)

The two somehow began to fight like an old married couple. Inugami then asked for an explanation while holding his temple.

「Umm, if you can. Please, can you tell me from the beginning…… From why a High Elf like Merula-dono is in this place?」(Inugami)
「Hm? Ah, sorry, sorry.」(Sougé)

Sougé regained his composure and then crossed his arms while looking at Merula.

「Can I be the one who will explain this?」(Sougé)
「Hm…… I’ll leave it to you」(Merula)

With Merula’s approval, Sougé began to narrate the story.
