
――――　A few days later.

The Royal Castle of the Kingdom of Friedonia announced that all faiths and religions were to be registered for certification process with the country, with all certified religions to be officially recognized as 『State Religions』. In a nutshell, they had changed the meaning of 『State Religion』 within the Kingdom to simply means a 『Religious Organization』.

It had been a long time since King Souma showed himself via the Royal Voice Broadcast to address the Citizens.

『Until this day, in this country, every person, every household, every race, had decided for themselves which God they would worship. Other than the Mother Dragon Faith and Lunaria Orthodoxy, that have a large number of devotees, there are those such as the Dark Elves of the God-Protected Forest who worship the Divine Beast and others who worship the nature gods of the sea and the mountains. This is a very normal occurrence because every race and tribe has different living environments.』

The people who lived in the inland cities, villages on the mountains, or towns on the beach, nodded at Souma’s words. Because their living environment was different, it was natural that there would be difference among the things they feared and the entities they revered. Souma\'s reflection in the Broadcast continued his speech.

『This country is a multiracial country. It is a country where the customs of various races melt and mix together to form a new culture every day. I trust that this situation also ought to apply in matter related to faith. I believe what this country needs is not a single religion for everyone, but harmony brought forth by allowing religious freedom for every faith. Just like how you have a being you believe in, other people also have beings they believe in. I wish for you, the Citizens, to acknowledge this fact and be tolerant. If you do this, then others will also be tolerant of your faith.』

The citizens were half in doubt over this speech. In this country, where the mass media had not yet developed, information on other religions was limited. In other words, they didn’t know what was going on in a church or temple of a different religion. Since they don’t know, they were suspicious. A doubting heart would conjure up demons out of the shadows in the dark and saw withered flowers as ghosts. Even though the gathering was just a coven of Mountain worshippers, if the Citizen were suspicious of them, that coven would be seen as an evil secret society. King Souma also seemed to understand this very well.

『What is necessary to gain that tolerance? It is mutual understanding. No matter how much you are tolerant to other religions, you wouldn’t accept an evil religion with practices like 「Sacrifice a virgin to summon a demon」. I will never even ask you to tolerate such a religion. However, it will be hard to see from the outside whether someone’s religion is a good one or an evil one.』

And so King Souma said this vigorously, 『Hence, the current 「State Religious」 certification system.』

『I wish for the representatives of all faith groups to register their religion with the government. As long as they pass the evaluation process,  which will be repeated every few years, their religion will be recognized as a 「State Religion」. The evaluation is also simple. They would only have to pledge that there will be no illegal activity under the law conducted in the name of the religion, such as killing, stealing properties, or perpetrating sexual assault, amongst other things.』

『Although it is basically prohibited to cause injury to other people, there might be faiths which may involve self-harming. Please confirm with the responsible officer in each district for details, such as whether or not tattooing is considered as injuring others. A religion that cannot pledge these provisions and isn’t registered will be subject to government control and scrutiny. The Citizen too, will not be able to sleep in peace, if believers of a dangerous faith reside nearby. I hope that everyone can understand this point.』

King Souma spoke until that point when he stopped for short pause; after that, he made continued a speech directly addressing each and every Citizen.

『My final word is: I believe that a faith should be for the sake of those who are living right now. So that they are not dragged by sorrow, so that they could still give their best for today, so that they can properly live as a person, these are the reason why faith exists. My utmost desire is that no one will be hurt because of faith.』

――――My utmost desire is that no one will be hurt because of faith.

Perhaps this was what the King Souma wanted to say the most. After the appearance of the Demon Lord Dominion, the Citizen couldn’t cast out the uneasiness in their hearts. In this era, there was a revitalization of faiths as the mental support for the Citizens’ hearts. And when faiths were revitalized, religious conflict and sectarian conflict would follow. A faith that should serve as a mental support for the heart would also end up as a means to hurt fellow Citizen. The Citizens presumed that King Souma was grieving about this. Then King Souma made a single clap.

『Now then, let’s end the heavy formal talk here. When all registered religions have become 「State Religion」, we plan to hold a small event. I will leave the explanation to Roroa.』
『Hai-Ha~i♪ Leave this to me~』

King Souma stepped aside and a lovely braided girl beside him moved to the center.

『Former Ducal Princess of Amidoania, currently Souma’s Third Fiancée Candidate, Roroa here. Everyone in the Kingdom of Friedonia, how y\'all doing?』

At the sight of Roroa’s bottomless cheeriness, the Citizens’ jaw dropped. The serious atmosphere of the broadcast before had disappeared as if it never happened. King Souma was also amazed at her.

『Roroa, are you going to continue with that mood?』
『Isn’t this fine, Darling? After all, I’m also casting in Juna-ne...... Onee-san’s show 「Together with Onee-san」, so my character is already established.』
『You forcefully pushed yourself into the casting, though……』

While putting a worn-out expression, Souma dropped his shoulder. Although their interaction was more of 『an older brother who was dominated by the imouto』 rather than between fiancée, the Citizens who watched them had a warm and fluffy feeling. Then Roroa faced the screen and spoke out while placing both of her hands on her waists.

『Well, from now on, all of the registered faith wills be designated as 『State Religion』, but there is a small request for when you are registering it. I hope that you will tell us if there are any interesting events from the religious festival of the god you believe in. In the world which Darling came from, religious events eventually became national festivals, since such events are a source of joy and merriment regardless of whether or not you are a believer or non-believer, I believe that everyone in this country to will have a great time!』

The Citizens raised a cheer. They didn’t really understand what Roroa was saying, but it seemed that they responded to the word “Festival”. Perhaps their feelings were roused by the mood that something fun would happen. By the way, not long after that, Roroa said, 『Furthermore, if there is a festival, there will be money moving around, uhauhaha』, but since her voice was in small whisper, only Souma heard it why smiling wryly beside her.
Roroa winked at the screen.

『Well since it is difficult to understand just by words, perhaps it would be better to show a specific example. For that reason, Sougé-occhan, could you come here and explain?』
『Hey, wait a minute, Roroa-jouchan. You shouldn’t call me occhan……』

The person, who appeared in the broadcast while saying this line, was a 40-something male of human race with a quite burly body figure. While stroking his smooth head that was tanned like his skin, the man had a wry smile while speaking.

『Even if I’m look like this, this ojisan is still a Bishop of Lunaria Orthodoxy, you know.』

Just as he had claimed, the man was wearing a priest’s uniform(?) of Lunaria Orthodoxy. The reason why there is a “?” mark is because his priest vestments are remodeled …… which is too say: it was so remodeled that its shape was already resembled a makaizou figure.[1] The long sleeves were cut halfway, and both of the trousers and his robe were only knee-length. Since this style of clothing were worn by a burly suntanned man, it didn’t look like a priest vestment at all. Roroa raised a protest at that man.

『Occhan is occhan. Furthermore, to call me, a Third Queen Consort Candidate, as “jou-chan”, I believe that Octopus-occhan is also suitable call name for you.』

To this flaming response, the man also returned tit for tat.

『Don’t attach an “octopus” there! You too, Jou-chan, if you will soon become a married woman, then try to master even a single erotic trait that you can exude out.[2]』
『What are you saying……. Ahan♪』

Seeing that Roroa made a sudden coquettish gesture, the man did a muffled “puph” before bursting out a laugh. Since her sexy pose (?) were being laughed at, Roroa entered the angry mode, so King Souma hastily restrained her from behind.

『Release me, Darling. I must boil that octopus right now!』
『Calm down Roroa. I think that whatever you do is cute.』

While saying this, King Souma patted her head. Roroa then curled at King Souma’s neck.

『…… Really?』
『Yeah.』
『Nnn…… Then, I’ll let him go.』

“Are you fine with just that!”, was what the Citizens thought as a reaction. The citizens, who still weren’t aware about this couple’s manzai[3], didn’t understand what they had witnessed, but seeing how they reconciled for some reason, they felt relieved. King Souma made a wry smile and spoke to the man with the remodeled priest vestment.

『Well then, Sougé-dono, I’ll leave the explanation to you.』
『I understand. King Souma.』

After replying, the man named Sougé moved forward.

『How do you do, the Citizens of the Kingdom of Friedonia. This humble servant is Sougé Lester. I came from the Lunaria Orthodoxy Church and was dispatched as a Bishop to administer the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers in the Kingdom. Well, let’s not bother with the ceremonious titles, even so, though it’s slightly earlier than others, Lunaria Orthodoxy had been recognized as a 「State Religion」. Furthermore, it seemed that the 「Mother Dragon Faith」 , and through the Second Queen Candidate, Aisha-dono, the 「Divine Beast Faith」, which was followed by the Dark Elves of the God-Protected Forest, also had been registered. So, the other religions or sects should register as soon as possible.』

Most of the crowd was surprised at Sougé who gave his speech with an easygoing mood. Especially, for the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers. The Bishop. who stood in a position to administer the Orthodoxy believers within the Kingdom, made a statement about recognizing other faiths. As they lived in a multiracial country, the Orthodoxy believers within the Kingdom disliked a conflict with other races, so most of them was in the moderate faction camp. However, as expected, they were hesitated to be actively involved with people who believe other faith. So Sougé’s statement this time had removed their hesitation away.

(Ah. So it will be fine if we be friends with others……)

The Orthodoxy believers within the Kingdom would have similar thoughts. Sougé continued speaking.

『Then, I think that the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers already know about this, but soon it will be the time for the 「Spring Arrival Festival.」』

Spring Arrival Festival was a festive event of the Lunaria Orthodoxy, a festival to celebrate the passing of winter and the arrival of spring. In this festival, the children from the Orthodoxy would dress like fairies and will walk around handing flowers in their basket to the adults. In other words, the children would become the 「Spring Herald」. Adults would give this 「Spring Herald」 with sweets in exchange for the flowers and then pray for this year to have a good harvest. In other words, this festival was like a spring version of Halloween.

『Rejoice…… since this Spring Arrival Festival has been recognized by Roroa-jouchan as a national festival event. This might be sudden, but this festival will be held next weekend. I have already sent a notification to villages and towns with Orthodoxy Churches. It is free for anyone to partake in, whether or not they are Lunaria Orthodoxy believers and the children will receive sweets regardless. I also want the other adults from other religion to cooperate if you can. You only have to accept the flowers and give sweets, if a child comes. Easy, right? Since I think this is a festival that the adults can enjoy too, please participate actively in it.』

There was applause from the audience. They might have thought that this is fun. Ever since Souma made broadcast programs, there was a trend amongst the Kingdom’s Citizens to take pleasure in an event like this. Then Sougé stepped down and Roroa appeared once more.

『This time, we will celebrate an event from Lunaria Orthodoxy, but for the other faiths too, if you have a fun festival like this then please tell us. The various religious festivals will form this country’s Citizen Festival. I believe this is a wonderful thing. Whether you are believers or unbelievers, let’s have the whole country enjoy the festival!』

When Roroa raised her fist, the Citizens cheered.

◇　◇　◇

Continental Calendar, 1547, End of Thirdmonth

On this day, I went down to the city with Aisha and Tomoe.

「W-we brought the grace of spring…… desu!」(Tomoe)

Tomoe, who was wearing a White Mage-style robe with fairy wings attached on the back, held out a flower to an vendor obaa-chan of a street stall. The obaa-chan smiled widely,

「Oh my, my. What a very cute fairy-san~」(Obaasan)

While saying this, she received the flower from Tomoe, and then gave her a bag with sweets inside. Tomoe who received the sweets lowered her head and thanked the obaa-chan, then she trotted over to us and showed the bag with candy.

「Nii-sama, I got this!」(Tomoe)
「Yes, I saw her giving it to you. Good for you.」(Souma)
「Yeah!」(Tomoe)

When I patted her head, Tomoe-chan was wagging her tail. Looking at Tomoe-chan’s action, Aisha’s expression also became softened.

「Aw~~. Tomoe-dono is as cute as always.」(Aisha)
「Yes. Aisha-nee-sama, let’s eat the candy together.」(Tomoe)
「Can I!? I love you, Tomoe-dono ~ ♪」(Aisha)
「Hya~!」(Tomoe)


Aisha hugged Tomoe-chan. It seemed that even though Aisha wasn’t from the Faewolf Tribe[4], it was as if she had a tail and now wagging it. Or rather, why are you being fed by an 11-year old girl? While I was astonished at Aisha’s action,

「Oh, isn’t the one standing there is the King?」(Sougé)

Someone suddenly called out to me. When I turned to look back, there was Sougé drinking wine at an open seat in the bar. It seemed that he had already finished drinking the large wooden mug in his hand. I wondered whether this guy, who drinks in broad daylight, really was a clergyman.

「…… O sir clergyman, isn’t it still noontime?」(Souma)
「It\'s a festival, after all. Please don’t say something such so formal, o sir politician. So you are with Aisha-jou and Tomoe-jouchan today?」(Sougé)
「Yes…… Well, it\'s like spending time with the family.」(Souma)

I mustn’t only give preferential treatment to Liscia. Although I already had an intercourse with Liscia, I had not yet laid my hand to my other fiancées. It was to avoid situations where the out of sequence birth order of children could develop into a throne succession problem.[5] Especially for Roroa who is in a delicate position as the former enemy country\'s Ducal Princess. For her sake and for the children who will be born from her in the future, I must not lay my hands on her for now.

There won’t be any problem for Juna-san as a Royal Consort Candidate, so any child born from her won’t inherit a right of succession, and for Aisha, since as a long-lived race, it was hard for her to be pregnant with a child in the first place. But both of them are being considerate to Roroa, so they are waiting. As a result, Liscia, who was requested by the other Fiancée Candidates, 「Please, quickly bear a child」, complained that, 「…… The pressure made my stomach hurt.」

In any case, since I can’t lay my hands on them for now, I need to pay attention to them in other aspects. After listening to my story,

「Ha~n. It’s hard to have a household at such young age, eh?」(Sougé)

Sougé said like it was none of his concern and drunk the wine in his mug as if to flaunt it at me.

「Puha~」(Sougé)
「Aren’t you drinking too much?」(Souma)
「In the Lunaria Orthodoxy, wine is said to be sacred. In other words, I by pouring this liquid into my body, I will accumulate blessings.」(Sougé)
「That is just an excuse for drinking. You are really a poor sort of a priest.」(Souma)
「But, isn’t it convenient for the King that I am such an irresponsible one?」(Sougé)

Sougé grinned…… He sure knows how to answer, this octopus old man. I shrugged my shoulders.

「Oh well, it seems that Hakuya chose you because of that reason.」(Souma)
「Well, I will properly fulfill my “role”, Your Majesty.」(Sougé)
「I hope so. Well then, I will now go back to Aisha and Tomoe-chan.」(Souma)
「I pray to God, may peace be with you and your family.」(Sougé)

Hearing the words of prayer with questionable seriousness from the bishop, I returned to Aisha and Tomoe-chan.

☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽☾☽

