 It was nightfall by the time the audience with Mary was concluded. Roroa and Juna-san welcomed us when we returned to the office room. I also could see Carla in her maid uniform at the corner of the room.

「Welcome back Darling…… Eh, did something happen?」(Roroa)
「Ano, what happened, Your Majesty?」(Juna)

Though both welcomed us with smiling at first, they became worried the moment they noticed my expression. Ahaha, surely my face looks horrible right now…… May be it really does. Juna-san touched my forehead with her cold and soft hand.

「There’s no fever…… But, are you feeling unwell? Would you like to rest for a while?」(Juna)
「Wait, Cia-nee! What happened to Darling!?」(Roroa)
「E-even if you ask me, I also don’t know!」(Liscia)

Just as Roroa pressed Liscia for an answer, I replied, 「No…… I’m alright」, and gently brushed Juna-san’s hand aside, before sitting down on my “desk”. And then,

「Sorry. Liscia, Aisha, Juna-san, Roroa…… Come over here.」

I beckoned my fiancées closer. The four of them exchanged glances and then slowly approached me. When they stood close enough by my side, I wrapped them all together in a hug.

「Hyah?」(Liscia)
「What!?」(Aisha)
「Aw……」(Juna)
「Wa-, Darling!」(Roroa)



All four of them yelped, but I kept hugging them without minding it. From a distance, this would look like a team huddle, so there would be nothing romantic about it. Even so, I could feel their warmth…… I finally calmed myself down. After a minute or so, I released them. While mending her disheveled clothing, Liscia asked with a hint of anger.

「…… You better explain what’s going on, okay?」(Liscia)

I was glad that behind her angry tone, there was a heart that genuinely cared about me.

「Yes. I shall explain everything.」(Souma)
「Souma, you became like this after the last conversation with the Holy Maiden, right? Did something happen?」(Liscia)
「…… I felt… a sense of discomfort, the whole time during the audience.」(Souma)
「Sense of discomfort?.」(Liscia)

I nodded.

「When I saw Mary for the first time, I thought that she was pretty. But at the same time, I felt that something was strange. She should have come across as a very attractive girl, yet I couldn’t bring myself to see her that way.」(Souma)
「But, from her appearance, she looks like a beautiful girl in my eyes.」(Hakuya)

Hakuya said so. Yeah, perhaps, other people wouldn’t able to notice it.

「I also didn’t notice at first. However, the moment I thought that this emotionless girl’s face is 『Like a Doll』, or perhaps I should say, 『seems artificial』, I noticed the true cause of that sense of discomfort. She…… resembled someone.」(Souma)
「Resembled someone? Who?」(Liscia)

Liscia ask me, and so I pointed my fingers at her.

「You. Liscia.」(Souma)
「M-me!?」(Liscia)
「Yes. Furthermore, Aisha and Roroa too.」(Souma)
「Eh, really?」(Aisha)
「Me too?」(Roroa)

Upon hearing my answer, Aisha and Roroa stared at each other face. I then turned my attention to Hakuya.

「Hakuya. How you would describe Mary’s appearance to someone who was not in the Audience Room?」(Souma)
「…… Let’s see. A well proportioned face. Silver hair, braided into two……Wh-!?」(Hakuya)

Hakuya widened his eyes, so he seemed to notice it too. I then let out a sigh.

「For me, I will describe her like this. Her well proportioned face resembles Liscia. Her silver hair is reminiscent of Aisha’s Dark Elvish characteristics. Her hairstyle is similar to that of Roroa. In other words, Mary\'s appearance seems to be a composite of features from Liscia, Aisha, and Roroa.」(Souma)
「Li-like us!?」(Liscia)

Yeah. The reason why I did not get charmed by her at all, even though she was a such beauty, perhaps because my face perception processing gave off a red flag. If one day, Aisha suddenly had a human face, then I would be surprised. If Liscia or Roroa’s hair became silver then it would be natural if I felt uncomfortable. Then, Aisha tilted her head.

「Wait a moment. If she has our characteristics, then where is Juna-san’s part? Her body appearance is also average, right?」(Aisha)
「That’s it!」(Souma)

I slapped my knee, as I realized something.

「Judging from her look, Mary doesn’t have any resemblance to Juna-san. Though perhaps, only her big black eyes are similar to Juna-san, but as a characteristic, this is too weak. Then, what is the difference between Juna-san and the other three?」(Souma)
「I am the only candidate as a Royal Consort. And…… it is only my engagement which still has yet to be announced to public.」(Juna)

I nodded at Juna-san’s reply.

「For Liscia, Aisha, and Roroa, their engagements have already had been announced to public, but out of consideration for Juna-san’s activities as 『Song Princess』, Juna-san’s engagement hasn’t been announced yet. That’s why no one knows that Juna-san is my fiancée. Following that, if we consider that the dispatched Holy Maiden possesses the characteristics of my fiancées, excluding Juna-san, and the active movement of the Orthodoxy State’s spies in the Capital, we could speculate that what the spies gathered was information about my fiancées’ appearance. It was so that they could send a girl as the Holy Maiden that matched my preferences, or at least won’t be disliked by me.」(Souma)
「Souma, then.......」(Liscia)
「Yeah…… Do you remember what Mary said, when I mentioned whether she was here 『to offer herself as a bride』?」(Souma)

『If Your Highness Holy King desires so, you may do whatever you please to me.』

Mary replied without any objections. To send a girl who matched my preference, and that girl said, 『You may do whatever you please to me』. And then, as quid pro quo, in exchange for her, the Orthodoxy State could try to press on their demand. In other words, for the Orthodoxy State, the Holy Maiden was

「Something similar to national scale honey trap.」(Souma)
「What they attempted is similar to how the nobles try to peddle their own daughters……」(Liscia)

Liscia spoke in astonishment. Truly, for a country governed by clergymen, this was a vulgar doing. As a nation, the Orthodoxy State is just as worldly as any other country.

「After I noticed the true cause of the sense of discomfort…… I asked Mary about how she was selected as a Holy Maiden, and she gave a very thorough and detailed explanation.」(Souma)

It seemed that the Holy Maiden of the Orthodoxy State was chosen from among the nuns who work in the Central Church by an “oracle” from the Moon Stele 『Lunaris』. It seemed that most of the nuns were originally orphans. They numbered around 50 people. Perhaps, they were trying to have a diverse stock of Holy Maiden candidates for the rulers they wanted to ensnare. At the Central Church, a place separated from the secular world, the nuns received their training and were raised into obedient believers of the doctrine. And when they come to a certain age without being chosen as a Holy Maiden, it seemed that they would be dispatched as Priestesses to various churches.

「This is…… a horrible story, isn’t it?」(Aisha)

Aisha spoke up.

「Doesn’t that mean they are like real dolls? That they have no free will at all?」(Aisha)
「No, no, Ai-nee. I’ve heard worse stories.」(Roroa)

Aisha found this unacceptable, but Roroa had a different opinion.

「No matter what the country is, a proper orphanage is difficult to operate. After all, even when the children reached the working age, without any education, they would end up as cheap manual labor. A place that teaches reading, writing, and basic arithmetic is rare. Especially for women who come from the orphanage…… There are many who have no choice but to sell their own body. If they could escape from this circumstance by living in the church so that they can have enough food, clothing, and shelter, then for the person themselves, this would be happiness, right?」(Roroa)
「Even so! They are being raised to become tributes to rulers of other countries as Holy Maidens!」(Aisha)
「Calm down, Ai-nee. I also find it unpleasant like you do, but using children in marriage is something that is common practice for any Noble or Knight House. Even I…… I also use myself for political reason.」(Roroa)
「Roroa-dono.」(Aisha)
「Besides, in her story there are several Holy Maidens. In other words, there are other nuns who experience the same story. It would be pitiful to call the Holy Maiden as a tribute, but if they were handed to a ruler, they are marrying into wealth and status. Just like me, who used myself for political reason, am perfectly happy, whether or not they are happy or sorrowful is not something that can be decided by another person.」(Roroa)

Roroa gave her honest answer. Really…… She is a strong girl.

「I also agree with what Roroa has said. Although I don’t find this method agreeable, I have no complaints with the system itself.」(Souma)
「Then…… why does your face have such a horrible look?」(Liscia)

Liscia asked me and put her hands on my forehead.

「What shocked me…… was the fact that Mary accepted that “I am a Holy Maiden” and completely embraced everything about it.」(Souma)

◇　◇　◇

At the end of the audience, I asked Mary something which had been bothering my mind.

「Mary-dono, don’t you have any problem with being treated as the Holy Maiden? To suddenly become burdened with the country\'s prestige, to stand in front a king of another country, and then to assure that  king 『you may do whatever you please to me』. This burden is too much to bear for a single person, even more so for a mere normal girl; this will be utterly unbearable. Isn’t this way of life too grueling?」(Souma)

In response to my question, Mary answered while smiling.

「I have been graciously bestowed with the position of Holy Maiden by the Lunaria-sama’s Will. The Holy Maiden is the face of the Orthodoxy State. I, who had been bestowed with that duty, rather than my own sentiment, I would like to carry out my duty as the Holy Maiden that has been conferred to me. Not just for my country, but also for the people.」(M)
「……Are you forsaking yourself for others’ sake?」(Souma)
「Isn’t this a natural obligation for those who have received a higher honor than other people? Does Your Majesty Souma as a Great King not understand this?」(M)
「.........」(Souma)
「 To live according to other people’s expectations, I think, is an extremely magnificent and wonderful way of living. I am willing to devote myself for the sake of those who revere me as a Holy Maiden.」(M)

For those who revere her as a Holy Maiden……? When I saw Mary’s smile who believed that it is wonderful to live up to other people’s expectation, the word of the other Holy Maiden came into my mind.

『Although my station is that of an Empress who governs over the Empire, in the end, I am just a human. Rather than being worshiped as a Holy Maiden, I want to be loved by other people, as a human, as a person.』

One Holy Maiden takes pride to be a Holy Maiden and behaved as such.
The other Holy Maiden refuses to become a Holy Maiden and tries to be a mere person until the end.

『Does Your Majesty Souma as a Great King not understand this?』

――― I……

◇　◇　◇

「There are times…… when I had the same thinking as Mary.」(Souma)

I informed my partners as if I was confessing in a church.

「Perhaps Carla remembered? Our conversation during the battle with Amidonian Army.」(Souma)
「That time……?」(Carla)

Carla who was standing in the corner of the room muttered and I nodded.

「I was suffering from the magnitude of responsibilities because I am merely human. As such, I was worried about the decisions I had made. Actually, I didn’t want enact them, but I was obligated to. Being forced by the war at that time, I… unconsciously behaved like a machine…… A system called a 『King』. After all, a machine would neither suffer nor worry.」 (Souma)
「Souma……」(Liscia)

I smiled wryly and shook my head to Liscia who looked worried.

「At that time, thanks to Carla who pointed out to me that 『Won’t you become broken?』, I realized how warped I’d become on the inside. I was barely able to stop it from progressing further…… However…… perhaps if at that time, Carla didn’t point this out…… Just thinking about it makes me shiver. Perhaps, I may have also ended up like Mary.」(Souma)

When I thought what if I, who became a system called King, stand up in front Liscia and others…… I was afraid. Will I, who will throw everything away for the Kingdom, be able to notice Liscia and others’ tears? Will I able to make Liscia and others smile?

―――I want to be loved by other people, as a human, as a person.
.
(Yes…… You are right, Maria-dono)(Souma)

If I don’t notice Liscia and others’ tears,
If I can’t make Liscia and others smile,
Even if I was suffering from the heavy responsibility, even if worried about my decision,
I don’t want to become just a machine, a system.

「Yes, I am fine as a mere person.」(Souma)
「Souma? …… Hyah.」(Liscia)

I stood up, walked to Liscia’s side and hugged her.

「Ano…… Souma? Can you release me? This is, you know…… embarrassing, in front of everyone……」(Liscia)

Liscia raised an objection, but I ignored it. If she really disliked this, with her strength, she could easily thrust me away. While still hugging Liscia, I spoke to Hakuya.

「I will not become a Holy King. Furthermore, I won’t let the Orthodoxy State as they please. However, all the plans that I’ve thought up can only stall them and not be a permanent solution. The Lunaria Orthodoxy believers inside the Kingdom are bound to become a problem. I hope that they can be rendered powerless, or perhaps, become harmless.」(Souma)
「Wait, why are you having a serious discussion in this manner!?」(Liscia)
「Then, please leave the countermeasure to me. I have an idea for it. Therefore, please lend me Kagetora-dono and the Black Cats Squad.」(Hakuya)
「You too, Hakuya-dono? Why are you replying to him!?」(Liscia)
「I understand. Then let’s work it out tomorrow.」(Souma)
「Thy will be done, Your Majesty.」(Hakuya)
「Am I being ignored!? Are you ignoring me!?」(Liscia)
「Yes, I’m depending on you, Hakuya. Then,……」(Souma)

While scratching my cheeks, this time I turned to face the girls.

「I am sorry, but please leave me with Liscia alone for tonight.」(Souma)
「「「!?」」」(Aisha)(Juna)(Roroa)

Aisha, Juna, and Roroa were opening their eyes wide from surprise at my request. Liscia who had been protesting from the beginning,

「……*open mouth*close mouth* open mouth*close mouth*.」(Liscia)

There were no words coming out from her mouth anymore despite opening and closing like goldfish. To think Liscia, who was always gallant and confident, would make a face like this was quite fascinating.

「Da-Darling. That means……」(Roroa)
「Roroa-san.」(Juna)

Roroa who was trying to ask me was stopped by Juna-san who placed her hand on Roroa’s shoulder, whispering something to both Roroa and Aisha. She, then, turned to me and bowed with her usual elegant manner.

「Then, Your Majesty, Liscia-sama. We will excuse ourselves from this room.」(Juna)

After saying this, Juna-san gracefully left the room.

「Etto…… Please have a good rest, Your Majesty, Princess…… Liscia-sama.」 (Aisha)
「Muuu…… Cia-nee! Tell me what happened later ‘kay!」(Roroa)

After that, Aisha and Roroa followed Juna-san.

「Until tomorrow. Please have a good rest.」(Hakuya)
「S-since I’ll stand outside the room as the guard…… M-my Lord and Lady, take your time.」(Carla)

Finally, Hakuya and Carla also exited, leaving only me and Liscia in the room. I lifted the completely stiffened Liscia into my arms.

(She is so light……)(Souma)

She had some muscle, but overall her body was lean, so I was able to comfortably lift her up by our weight difference. When I put her down in the small bed that was always placed in the corner of the room, Liscia finally regained her senses.

We sat side by side on the bed, under the candlestick’s light.

「A-ano, Souma? Is this…… that thing, right?」(Liscia)

When the face-flushed Liscia asked me like that, I felt my cheeks warm up, too.

「Ah…… Yeah. I intend…… to do so……」(Souma)
「I-I see……」(Liscia)
「………I can’t?」(Souma)
「No! You can! After all, I have been waiting for this……」(Liscia)

Liscia quickly shook her head. Her words became weak at the end, though.

「B-but, why this sudden? Haven’t you been hesitating all this time?」(Liscia)
「Ah, yeah. Well…… I had thought that 『after the country has become more stable』, 『after I am able to take the responsibility』, or 『after I took a proper steps』……」(Souma)

Aw, geez. This is so embarrassing! I scratched my head.

「However…… After seeing Mary and realizing that I want to be a mere person…… I couldn’t hold back anymore.」(Souma)
「I-I see……」(Liscia)

There  was also some influence from Maria-dono’s words: 『I want to be loved by other people, as a human, as a person』. I want to love Liscia and the others as a person. I want to be loved by the Liscia and the others as a person. When I thought deeply about this, I couldn’t hold back anymore…… Well, as expected, it would be untactful to say, 『I am deeply impressed by the words of another woman』 in this scene.

Both of us were slightly embarrassed and we began to excitedly take off our clothes while avoiding eye contact.

「But, well…… for the First Time, an office room is not that romantic.」(Liscia)

Liscia, who was folding her undressed outerwear so it wouldn’t wrinkled, said this while being bashful.

I also removed my outerwear and hugged Liscia who was only wearing white underwear.

The one who’s trembling. Is it me? Or Liscia? …… Or perhaps both of us?

Because both of us were inexperienced, we embraced each other awkwardly.

For now, after we exchanged a kiss,

「Then, should we change the location?」(Souma)

I teasingly whispered into Liscia’s ear.

Then Liscia made a wide smile while slowly shaking her head,.

「No. This place will do. After all this……」(Liscia)

―――Is the same place where you and I met.
