
I was awakened by the light flowing through the window and in front of my eyes was Liscia’s face. Because we shared the one pillow together, she was really close. A gentle sleeping face. Every time Liscia breathed in her sleep, her fair-skinned chest, that was wrapped in a blanket, moved up and down. Just by looking at this scene, an indescribable mixture emotions of joy, embarrassment, and love surfaced from my heart that made me gently placed my arms on her cheeks. Then,

「Muu……」(Liscia)

Liscia twisted her body as if she felt ticklish and slowly opened her eyes. Perhaps she was still half-asleep. She looked around restlessly, then when she noticed me lying beside her……

「Ah…… Souma. Good morning……」(Liscia)

She greeted with a wide smile. Since her action was unbearably cute, I hugged Liscia and kissed her still closed left eyelid. The half-asleep Liscia laughed ticklishly.

「Geez, Souma~ What are you doing~?」(Liscia)
「Hmmm, I want to see more, but…… Sorry, Liscia, please wake up.」(Souma)
「……Eh?」(Liscia)

After gently shaking her body, this time Liscia’s eyes fully opened. And when our eyes met, as if accompanied by a “Poof” sound, Liscia face became red and she pulled the blanket until her nose and hid behind it. Perhaps, the shyness was suddenly welling up in her. Surely…… that includes what happened the last night. I patted Liscia’s head.

「Good morning, Liscia.」(Souma)
「Go-good morning. Uuuu……Please don’t look at me too much.」(Liscia)
「Even if you say to not looking at you, yesterday I have comple-…… Hoph.」(Souma)
「Even so embarrassing is still embarrassing!」(Liscia)

Liscia press a pillow on my face. After I put away the pillow, I stretched my hand and body.

「Ugghmmmm…… I don’t want our second time to be in the office.」(Souma)
「Why?」(Liscia)
「Since it’s my workplace, I have to order for the bed to be tidied early in the morning. As much as I still want to make out, I have to get up. It’s a torture.」(Souma)
「I-I see……」(Liscia)

I got off from the bed and began putting on the clothes that I was wearing yesterday. Since I didn’t bring a change of clothes, I had to return to my bedroom. After I finished putting on the clothes, I asked Liscia.

「Umm…… Is your body feeling alright?」(Souma)
「Y-yeah…… a bit sluggish, though……」(Liscia)
「I see…… Then I will ask the maids to tidy up the bed.」(Souma)
「Yes, please.」(Liscia)

After I kissed Liscia\'s forehead, I left the office room. When I opened the door, I found Carla, who was averting her flushed face away and Serina, who was smiling gently, standing there. Ignoring Carla who was standing outside as a guard, why was Serina here? Serina then spoke with a gentle smile the likes of which I have never seen before.

「Good morning, sir. Did you enjoy last night?」[1](Serina)

Whoaa. Although it was a template question, when she actually said it, it was painful to hear.

「…… You wake early, Chief Maid.」(Souma)
「Because I am also the Princess’ personal maid.」(Serina)

Uttering something that couldn’t be judged as an answer, Serina bowed her head with a refined gesture. I wanted to say, 「Yeah, you just think that this will be absolutely amusing.」, but if I pointed this to her, I had a feeling that she would respond with knife-stabbing words three times sharper, so I kept silent. An undisturbed Super-S[2] Maid won’t torment me. If we ignored her bad habit hobby of 「teasing」 cute girls, she is an extremely capable person.

「…… I leave Liscia and the room to you.」(Souma)
「I understand, Let’s go, Carla.」(Serina)
「Yes, Chief Maid.」(Carla)

After giving a bow, Serina and Carla entered the office. After a while, I could hear voices coming from inside,

『Se-Serina! I am still naked!』(Liscia)
『Since I have to tidy the bed, please get off at once. Otherwise, I will have to ask Carla-san to take you and the bed outside.』(Serina)
『Wait Carla! Don’t lift up the bed!』(Liscia)
『……Sorry. But if I resist the Chief Maid, I will suffer embarrassing things at her hands afterward……』(Carla)
『Kyaaaaaaaaa! 』(Liscia)

…… Yeah, Liscia. Please stay strong.

「Now then……」(Souma)

Let\'s change the mood. My resolution is settled. My willpower is plenty. If I want to protect my beloved family, whether a Major Power or a Religious State, let me show them who’s boss.

「Shall I devise a sinister plan or two with Hakuya?」(Souma)

I started walking down the corridor.

◇　◇　◇

―――A few days later.

I informed the Holy Maiden Mary who was staying on the Lunaria Orthodoxy Church in the Capital City about a second audience and summoned her to the castle. Thus, in the 『Audience Room』 within the Royal Castle, having the same members and arrangement as the last audience several days ago, Mary and I faced each other.

Mary was still as beautiful as when I saw her for the first time several days ago and still felt artificial in some respects. After we exchanged formal greetings, I decided to immediately cut to the chase of the real issue.

「Now then, about the issue of recognition of Lunaria Orthodoxy as the State Religion……」(Souma)
「………」(Mary)
「If you could accept several conditions, I could accept it.」(Souma)
「Several……conditions?」(Mary)
「What? It is not too difficult. Furthermore, it is only two. First, I won’t become Lunaria Orthodoxy’s Holy King. I want your side to also stop nominating me without permission. I want a firm promise on this matter.」(Souma)
「May I ask why? If you become the Holy King, then will you not rise above all Lunaria Orthodoxy believers in every country?」(Mary)

The puzzled Mary slightly tilted her head to the side, so I slowly shook my head.

「Because I am not a Lunaria Orthodoxy believer. If an unbeliever like me is suddenly appointed as the Holy King, it will only provoke a backlash from the believers. So I will respectfully decline that honor.」(Souma)
「I…… see.」(Mary)

Although Mary seemed to be disappointed, she promptly backed down. Of course, this was no more than an official facade. I don’t want to become a Holy King and put this country back into an era when religion constrained science. The objective of this condition was to prevent the Orthodox State from arbitrarily appointing me as the Holy King without my permission and turn me into their figurehead against the Empire.

「Then, for the second condition…… I’ll have the Prime Minister Hakuya to explain it.」(Souma)

After I declared so, Hakuya bowed and moved a step forward.

「Then, let me explain. The other condition that we would like to present is that we wish to invite a bishop from the Lunaria Orthodoxy State who will oversee the affairs regarding Lunaria Orthodoxy believers inside the Kingdom.」(Hakuya)
「Of course, we will accept this condition. I will humbly accept that position.」(Mary)

Hakuya waved his hand to Mary who was holding her hand in her chest.

「Please, that couldn’t possibly be accepted. We don’t wish to trouble Holy Maiden-dono with this position. What we intend to do is to invite a certain person to our country.」(Hakuya)
「There is someone you want to invite? This might be rude, but may I know who this person is?」(Mary)
「Bishop Sougé Lester.」(Hakuya)
「……」(Mary)

The moment she heard Hakuya mentioned Sougé Lester, Mary\'s slightly narrowed her brow. I saw it only for a few seconds, but she was obviously felt a hatred. It was the first time the doll-like Mary showed a human-like expression. Mary then asked with a slightly stiffened expression.

「Hakuya-dono…… Do you know what kind of person that man is?」(Mary)
「Yes. I have heard that he is a very sharp-minded person.」(Hakuya)
「He is only cunning. That… man is a fallen sinful bishop. He is an insolent man who swindled large amounts of money from various believers, drank wine, and philandering with women. While a priest should be abstaining from the pleasure of the world, that person is tainted by worldliness and acts without self-constraint. Even His Holiness the Pope and the Cardinals also view him as a problem. Even for me…… I don’t like that man.」(Mary)

It was a clear rejection. So he is a man who even disliked by the doll-like girl. I became a bit interested in him.

「How come a man like him became a Bishop?」(Souma)

When I posed this question, Mary pursed her lips briefly, after which she opened her mouth to speak up.

「…… Although I am embarrassed to say this, we who are adorned with the robe of the priesthood are supported by donations from the believers. Since Sougé had gathered a substantial amount of money through numerous methods, there are Cardinals who are nominating him as a Bishop……」(Mary)

Ah, I could vaguely see it. Perhaps, that Sougé guy had bought off some of the Cardinals. Excepting the Holy Maiden, it seemed that the top hierarchy of the Orthodoxy State, rather than just smelled like worldly men, they felt more corrupt and smelled fishy instead. That’s why even if they want to remove him, they couldn’t. Mary turned towards Hakuya.

「However, I heard that even in the Church there are rumors that the Church ought to expel him soon. I believe that it is simply a matter of time until he is excommunicated. So why would you invite a man like that?」(Mary)

Despite the opposing party’s glare implying major objection and disagreement, Hakuya’s calm smile stood unbroken.

「Isn’t this a good opportunity? If he will be expelled, then let\'s have our nation take care of him. His Majesty Souma likes unparalleled talented people and has commanded that if there is such a Bishop like that, then His Majesty would like to meet him.」(Hakuya)

Really? But no, I don’t ever remember saying that. This whole plot was something that Hakuya had fabricated on his own. After all, I was not even aware of Sougé’s existence until now. Mary directed her eyes full of dissatisfaction at Hakuya.

「To dispatch him as a Bishop means that he will stand at the top of the Lunaria Orthodoxy believers who reside in this country, won’t it? I do not believe that he is fit for that position.」(Mary)
「If that is really the case, then it will merely be an issue of having another person replace him. If he is a person who doesn’t measure up to our expectation, then we won’t mind, “dealing” with him ourselves.」(Hakuya)

Whoaa…… My my, Hakuya, you have a really terrifying evil smile. Since in the first place, he has a clever-looking face, this should appropriately be called as a 『Freezing Smile』[3]. Mary had nothing more to say, thanks to his impressive presence.

「…… That will be fine. If by any chance, he can’t come to this country, then I will be replacing him instead.」(Mary)
「Yes. We will be depending on you at that time.」(Hakuya)

These two had already maneuvered around and fathomed on each other intention. A violent confrontation between a poker face and an evil face, rather than clashing sparks, the surroundings were wrapped in a freezing atmosphere. Even Liscia and I were repelled by their mood. Aisha, who also wasn’t used to this, felt sick.

At any rate, with this we could assume that the negotiation had concluded. To summarize the details that we decided this time, it would be these three points.

·         Friedonia Kingdom accepted Lunaria Orthodoxy as a State Religion
·         Lunaria Orthodoxy State will not appoint Souma as the King Holy.
·         The Orthodoxy State will have to dispatch Sougé Lester as a Bishop.

As soon as the discussion finished, Mary left the audience room. They could not trick me into becoming a Holy King, but since they were able to make the Kingdom recognize Lunaria Orthodoxy as the State Religion, this could be said to be an adequate result. With this, she should return to the Orthodoxy State peacefully. I waited until the report that she had left the castle to finally release the nervousness wrapping me.

「Fuu…… With this, perhaps we could succeed?」(Souma)
「Most likely, I dare say. The Holy Maiden-dono too should be satisfied that she has achieved some results.」(Hakuya)

I shrugged my shoulders when Hakuya grinned.

「Hakuya, you still have your evil face.」(Souma)
「…… Pardon me.」(Hakuya)

When Hakuya returned to his usual calm face, I asked.

「Then, tell me, have you made any preparations to invite a bishop like that Sougé fellow?」(Souma)
「Yes, Your Majesty. The Black Cat Squad led by Kagetora-dono has already infiltrated the Orthodoxy State. Perhaps they already brought Sougé-dono to the border. I am confident that they will escort him into our country in the next few days.」(Hakuya)

That was an extreme cautionary measure. It was almost as if they were acting like bodyguards.

「Is there a special reason to depute the Black Cat Squad as his bodyguards?」(Souma)
「By seeing the Holy Maiden-dono’s reaction, they would hesitate to dispatch a person who would become a disgrace to the country as the Bishop. The sHoly Maiden-dono also accepted that conditions only so that Lunaria Orthodoxy will be recognized as a State Religion. However, even after we have their guarantee, there is a risk that they will annul it because of “a reason”.  For example, they may claim that Sougé-dono is “injured in an accident”, so they would have to dispatch another person. For this reason, I had to send the Black Cat Squad beforehand to accompany him.」(Hakuya)

Injured in an accident…… yeah, right….. This was just my own mental image of them, but this is something that I believe the Orthodoxy State would do. If it would only just stop at mere injuries, it would still be fine, but nothing prevented them from things like, “imprisonment” (read it as: “His whereabouts are unknown”) or in the worst case, “assassination” (read it as: “He passed away from an illness.”) To think that far ahead and anticipate it, as expected from Hakuya.

「It looks like the Kingdom’s celebrated 『Black Robed Prime Minister』 title is not just for show. After all, your serpentine deviousness had taken it that far.」 (Souma)

I poked fun at Hakuya, when Liscia, who stood next to me, sent an unamused look at me.

「Speaking of serpentine deviousness, wouldn’t it suit Souma more? After all, you have deceived that pure and innocent Holy-Maiden-sama.」(Liscia)
「I wish you don\'t spoke like I am the villain here. There were no lies in my words to her, you know?」(Souma)

My words about recognizing Lunaria Orthodoxy as a State Religion is not a lie. However…….
I grinned.

「I only changed the “meaning” of the phrase: 『State Religion』.」(Souma)

